Last week on The Law of Jungle in Cook Islands.
It's already been three days since the start of survival.
They split into team to find flags and food.
In the southern sea that the members first visited,
they found a handful of clams and gastropods and got excited.
The other team managed to find two pieces of the map...
on a seashore cliff and a limestone cave.
This is it.
What is that sound?
On their way back home, - It's here.
a coconut crab showed itself.
It must not know that Se Ri waited so long...
to try the coconut crabs.
Is there a stronger branch?
It was hidden in between rocks and wouldn't budge.
It's trying to attack. - Did you get it?
However, the three of them...
cornered the coconut crab with their attention focused on it.
Who will come out to be the winner of this battle?
It's here.
It's a stronger one. - Se Ri.
Sit down and try. - Try it, Se Ri.
Be careful.
Put it in its hand. - It's the pincer.
The pincer. - Yes.
(The golf queen takes a step...)
(towards the coconut crab.)
I wanted to try the coconut crab the most as a viewer.
Everybody seemed to enjoy it. It has an interesting flavor,
so I was very curious. - The pincer.
(She's about to have a chance to achieve the fantasy.)
(Do we catch the coconut crabs when we see them?)
Yes, we must catch them by all means.
(Do we put them in our bag?)
Yes. - The holes are already dug.
(She's been looking for coconut crabs from day one.)
(In the midst of her wandering in the jungle,)
(her passion for coconut crabs didn't dampen.)
(To Se Ri, it was the reason to survive.)
(You are angry, right?)
(She has been waiting for this moment.)
(Se Ri attacks its pincers with a branch.)
(Power up)
Come on out.
(It won't budge.)
It's angry.
I am getting angry.
(It grabbed the branch.)
I got it. - You got it.
Drag it out.
(It runs away again.)
(It makes a retreat.)
(It was close.)
Let's see which one of us wins.
It was a difficult task. Since we were way above it,
we couldn't reach it.
It refused to come out of the hole.
If I start a task, I must complete it.
Why are you aggravating me? Come on out.
It's coming out.
I got it.
(The coconut crab gets dragged out once again.)
I got it. - She got it.
You got it.
I got it.
(She drops it again.)
Why did it go into a different hole?
Was there a hole on the opposite side?
(The coconut crab goes into the different hole.)
There was a hole on the opposite side.
What should we do? Did it go into the hole?
Can you see it? - There it is.
I knew there was a hole.
It went deeper than the last time. - It's covering its body.
(He gets up.)
(Kang Nam suddenly heads somewhere.)
Se Ri took out the coconut crab,
but it went into a hole on the opposite side.
I went to the other side.
(Kang Nam goes to the other side to check.)
Hold on. There is a hole.
(Taking a peek)
It's here. - Really?
Is it there? - I can see its back.
Shove it. - Do you see its back? Shove it.
I will shove it.
It looks so cute. Look at its butt.
Do you see its butt?
(Cute)
I will hit its butt.
(Kang Nam aims for the coconut crab's butt.)
Hold on. Its butt...
Push it from there.
We can't push it. - We pushed as far as we can.
Can you grab its butt and pull it out?
I will pull it out. - Hold on.
Is it coming out? - Hold on.
(He approaches it carefully to pull it out.)
Keep pushing it from that side.
I got it.
(He grabs its body.)
(The coconut crab finally comes out of the hole.)
It came out. - Did it come out?
It came out.
He got it.
Where is the bag? - The bag.
Here it is.
He got it. We need to go that way.
(I am on my way.)
Here you go.
(They give him the bag to put the coconut crab inside.)
Use the branch. - How do I put it inside the bag?
It's going back into the hole. - It's going into the hole.
Pull it out.
(Kang Nam stops the coconut crab from running with his hands.)
(Pulling out)
Watch your hands.
(Kang Nam, be careful.)
I broke its leg.
(The coconut crab breaks its leg to go into the hole.)
All right. There you go.
Step on it. - How do I do this?
Hold on. I can grab its pincers.
(He grabs its pincers from behind.)
I can grab its pincers. Open it.
This is incredible.
Make its head go in first. Hold on.
(They finally caught a coconut crab.)
Be careful when you catch it. We caught it.
We caught it. - We caught it.
(It was the greatest wish of Byung Man's Tribe.)
It was so difficult to catch one. The one I saw on TV was very big.
It's fascinating.
It looks like a spider.
I saw people catch a big one on TV.
(Is this a dream or reality?)
When I saw it after hard work, I was fascinated.
I had only seen it on TV before. I saw it for real and hunted it.
I was very expectant.
I could see the coconut crab's butt.
(They caught it thanks to it cute and plump butt.)
It was right there.
I could see it.
I pulled it out with my hands.
I grabbed it.
(Their experience and spirit led to good results.)
I grabbed its butt with my hands.
It was right there.
Good work, Kang Nam.
Let's go. - Let's go.
Let's go.
Hey, there is a leg. - What?
That's right. We should take the leg.
My goodness. - When did it fall out?
It fell out when it was struggling.
Since we came out this far, we should catch another one.
Let's catch another one.
Let's catch all of them.
(They become confident after catching one coconut crab.)
Coconut crabs aren't hidden, are they?
(Everyone searches for coconut crabs.)
(Se Ri combs through the area.)
My goodness.
(Did she find it already?)
It's a baby.
It looks like the hermit crabs we saw at the beach.
How fascinating!
Does this baby grow into a big coconut crab?
(It sounds like she is swearing.)
This must be its home.
It made a nest...
with coconut shells.
It must have left the shells after eating coconuts.
Coconut crabs don't live in a secluded place, do they?
She is right.
It looks similar to the hermit crabs...
they saw on the beach.
To coconut crabs, the home...
isn't the land, but the sea. Did you know that?
When the female coconut crab's eggs hatch,
it goes to the sea and releases the zoea.
Once they become a certain size, they come back to the beach...
and grow in empty shells.
When they become adults in a year or two,
they throw away the shell...
and make a nest between the rocks.
Look at this. - After being born at the sea,
coconut crabs live on the land...
and go back to the sea to lay eggs.
The more we know, the more fascinating it becomes.
It's hiding. It must be scared.
Does it bite?
(Se Ri takes a look at the baby coconut crab.)
I got it.
(Screaming)
It's a baby.
(Dangling)
(She is scared out of her wits.)
How scary!
(The baby coconut crab makes the queen of golf scared.)
It looks like a hermit crab.
It looks exactly like a hermit crab. Look at this.
It's our first time to see its home.
(Throwing)
My goodness. I am sorry. What should I do?
(I am sorry. Please wake up.)
Did it pass out? Did it die?
Hey.
(It's dizzy.)
Are you okay? What should I do?
Is this where they live?
Is there a bigger nest?
(Leaning in)
Where is your mom?
(Scared)
This one looks like your aunt.
(Is it the baby coconut crab's aunt?)
Will they run away if we are loud?
(I need to run away. She is too scary.)
Don't they feed at night?
Perhaps there are more. I should take a look around.
It would be nice if we have one crab for each person.
It's a nest.
(Kang Nam and Chun Hee found the nest as well.)
(Where are you?)
It's a nest. There must be a coconut crab nearby.
You know,
it's difficult to find them.
(Coconut crabs are difficult to find and catch.)
It's over there. - Did you find it? Where is it?
Is it over there? - Yes.
Did you find it? - Yes.
Is it big? - Come over here.
It's down there. - Where?
It's down there. Go that way.
There.
It's going under the rock. - Did it go under the rock?
It's going under the rock.
(Is the coconut crab going under the rock?)
There.
I don't see it. - There it goes.
Pardon? Where is it? - I am not lying.
(It's not a lie. Look over there.)
There. There it is.
What? - There.
(They look between the crevice as Chun Hee asks.)
There. - There it is.
How did you spot it?
There is an opening. Will you choose that one?
It grabbed the branch.
(The coconut crab shows aggression towards the branch.)
Its pincer is bigger than the last one.
(It's bigger than the last one.)
Is it big?
(They become expectant.)
Is it bigger than this one?
You have nowhere to go. Come on out.
It's going further inside.
Don't go inside. Pull it out.
I am on a hunt this time.
I will catch this one.
(It's hard to reach inside the narrow crevice.)
It's fighting back. - It was so close.
(The coconut crab resists vehemently.)
It's very strong.
Grab it. Go on and grab it.
I got you. I got you.
Come on out. Grab it tight.
My gosh. It's stuck.
Is it resisting?
(Slipping)
It's completely stuck.
It's stuck, right? - Yes.
I bet it wants us to take it out.
It's trapped.
It's completely trapped. - Yes.
Should I move the rock?
(Should I move the rock?)
I think this rock will move.
(Chun Hee approaches it after moving the rock.)
(Give it all you've got.)
You're Hulk. - We have to catch this.
(He's very motivated.)
My gosh. Good job, Chun Hee.
(This is where the coconut crab is.)
It's like a rescue operation. - It's huge.
(The obstacles get removed.)
You still won't come out?
I might get stuck here.
(This man got stuck in between the rocks in 15 minutes.)
(This is his first time hunting in the jungle.)
(It's a desperate pursuit.)
(An earnest hunting story)
This is hard.
(A Boy in Between the Rocks)
(Who are you?)
We'll see.
It's stuck here. - I think you can go in.
(Chun Hee and the coconut crab)
(They're only 50cm apart.)
Let's stop this.
Come out.
(It doesn't intend to.)
Try to catch its pincers. Doesn't it work?
Can't you hold its pincers?
Hold its pincers?
Yes, hold them and pull them out.
(Chun Hee tries again.)
Watch your hand. - It sounds good.
(My gosh!)
Watch your hand. - What's wrong?
(Be careful.)
No, it's dangerous.
(He takes caution.)
I'm sorry.
It's coming out. - It's coming out.
(The coconut crab gets dragged out after a long battle.)
You did it. My gosh, hold on.
Right before... - Be careful.
(They all grab it.)
I'm so tired. - Goodness.
(My gosh!)
The crab. - Hey.
(It resists fiercely.)
Where's the net? - It's behind you.
What? - Like this?
Like this? - Yes, it can't use its hands then.
(Chun Hee captures it as well.)
(He captures the coconut crab with an iron will.)
That was amazing, Chun Hee. - It's still a baby.
I'm sorry.
(I'm sorry. I'll let go of you.)
Let go.
(It's strong.)
(They put it in a net.)
That's it. We caught it.
How do we get back?
It's mad.
(They finally hunted in the jungle.)
After an hour of struggle,
the members manage to catch a coconut crab.
Will they finally get to try...
the best food in the jungle?
We did so good.
We did good.
Let's go back. - Let's eat.
Let's eat. - I'm hungry.
Let's eat fast.
Should we find two more?
I want to but I'm hungry. Let's come back tomorrow.
Let's go. - You want to come back tomorrow?
Tomorrow? - Yes.
Let's go. - Let's come back.
This is quite heavy.
I think this is...
about...
(Lifting)
How many kg is this?
It's about 3kg.
(Estimated weight is 3kg.)
I think it's about 3kg.
These 2 are about 3kg. - 3kg?
That's it? - Pardon?
It's only 3kg?
Compared to what we had to do, it doesn't weigh a lot.
(It's too light for Se Ri.)
Is this big or small, Kang Nam?
It's not...
I think it's small. The one I saw...
It was huge. - It had a wide chest.
You saw it?
I saw it on TV.
The sun went down while we caught this.
I guess it takes minimum 30 minutes each.
Open this and clean the inside.
Take out the meat and put them together.
Now? - In the coconut shell.
All right.
Doesn't the soup come from the shell?
No. - It's from the inside?
Yes.
This is the intestine. Up to here.
Take this out. - Okay.
Isn't this the intestine? - Pardon?
This is the intestine. - Yes.
We take this and throw it out? - Yes.
It's torso. - What do we take out?
The black stuff. - This?
(Tossing)
(He gets it in one shot.)
I'm good in this.
You're so good.
You look like a local.
(It looks automatic.)
(Tossing)
(He's focused on the gastropods.)
This is great.
How did you so many?
(There are shells everywhere.)
(It looks delicious.)
(They cut up chili peppers.)
This is enough, right? - Yes.
(It goes straight on the fire.)
(It's a simple seafood soup...)
I'll put this on top. - Go ahead.
(It's a simple seafood soup and roasted gastropods.)
The kimchi is really good.
It's the best idea.
Doesn't it taste like pickled radish?
Do you know what that is?
(It's Chief's sweet and spicy papaya kimchi.)
I'll give you more. - She loves it.
It's so good.
It's addictive.
(Let me see if it's cooked.)
(It slides out.)
It's good.
This is roasted, Byung Man. See if it's okay.
(It's chewy.)
(Thumbs up)
Is it okay?
(The seafood soup is almost complete.)
Did the other members get lost?
When are they coming back?
We might finish before they come. When are they coming?
We might finish before they get back.
(They're finally back.)
It looks so good. - We found them all.
How many did you find? - We found two.
It looks great. - That's great.
Good job. - You were pretty late.
We were worried.
I thought you were lost. - It was tough.
We weren't lost, but this wasn't better than where you went.
Yesterday was nothing.
Really? - Really?
How was it? - It was the worst.
It was the worst.
(Throwing)
I was so mad.
(This flag)
(Is she acting or is she really mad?)
It must have been hard. - Great work.
(It must have been hard.)
But the good thing is, after the sun set,
something started moving.
What started moving? - What do you mean?
After the sun set, things started moving.
The pigs couldn't get in.
There were many mosquitoes. - Is it a bat?
We caught this.
(Oh my gosh!)
That's amazing. What is it? - My gosh.
That's amazing. - We caught two.
(He puts it down.)
The babies didn't come.
It was... - Really?
They were in between rocks. - so hard...
to catch them. - This is awesome.
We got our clothes ripped. - Se Ri.
You really wanted the coconut crabs.
I got goosebumps. - You finally caught them.
I got goosebumps. This is awesome. - Me too.
I got goosebumps too. - This is great.
So what did we have? - You're good.
Yesterday, - This is awesome.
we had crayfish, - We did good.
and we get to have coconut crabs today.
We get to try all the main dishes. - That's right.
I'm so happy. - We only had pork before.
JB got a bad stomach. - Really?
You shouldn't be sick. - It's new.
It's spicy. - Really?
How about... - Let's salt it.
I'll prepare it. - My gosh, what's this?
(He takes a step back.)
What's this? - You don't need to do anything.
Just...
It's a coconut crab. - Don't we have to wash it?
(He keeps on exclaiming.)
Just steam it.
You found it? Did you catch it?
We caught two. - That's awesome.
This is insane.
I've never seen a coconut crab before.
I've never seen it before.
It was so strong. - You finally get to see it.
(After 3 days in the jungle,)
(they finally meet the coconut crabs of their dreams.)
Isn't this big? - It is.
The ones I saw...
(This will get rid of their fatigue.)
We need a hammer.
It's so big. - This is awesome.
How can we eat this? - You have to hit it.
(Climbing)
(It's a wild crab, so it can climb trees.)
It can climb trees. - That's how it climbs.
What is it doing? It's exercising.
(He's fascinated.)
It has pincers on its back legs too.
It has pincers on the back too.
(Coconut crabs can hold 30kg of load with their pincers.)
It's crossing now.
I've never seen them crawling before.
Coconut crabs...
It's tightrope walking.
(It's a feast with coconut crabs and clam soup.)
We have a soup too. This is nice.
(They start cooking the main dish.)
(They pour water inside the foil pan and cover it up.)
Put it on the fire. - Okay.
Hold on. Don't do it yet. We'll put this on top first.
(They put it on the fire and wait for it to get cooked.)
We have to make sure it doesn't escape.
We finally get to have it. - I didn't think we'd get to it.
Have you tried it? - Yes.
What does it taste like? - Is it good?
I can't even explain it in words. - Is this better or the crayfish?
If you go to a good restaurant...
and eat, it's really good.
That's why you know it's a good restaurant.
This is like that. - It's good.
It's really good.
They get cooked fast.
Is this better than the crayfish? - You can take it out.
This is better. - Really?
It's all cooked.
Already? - Yes.
Let me see.
(Let me see my babies.)
Look at the color. - It's done.
That was quick. - It's still hot.
Really? I can smell it.
I can smell it. - Bring the clam soup, Kang Nam.
Bring the clam soup. - Do we have soup?
We get to eat so well today. - I'll open this.
We get to cook in Cook Islands.
Everything we wanted came true. - This is Cook Islands.
We only cooked. - Pardon?
That's why it's Cook Islands. - That's true.
(Exclaiming)
I'm not good at cooking.
(Se Ri wasn't paying attention, but she rushes to it.)
This is amazing. - It worked out.
It's cooked. - Smell that.
It smells good.
Smell it. - It's the coconut.
It smells like the coconut. - It's so good.
This is so fascinating. - We didn't even add coconut.
(It smells so good.)
(The color and the smell are amazing.)
This is amazing.
Smell that. This is totally insane.
(The steamed coconut crab will satisfy their five senses.)
It looks good. - We didn't add anything in it,
but I can smell the coconut. - Look at the color.
(The clam soup and Byung Man's papaya kimchi...)
(have a very clean taste.)
You caught so many.
We did. - We caught 200.
It was heavy. - We grabbed whatever we saw.
This is a lot.
It's so plentiful today.
You should try the coconut crab.
You caught it.
(Se Ri gets the honor of cutting the coconut crab.)
That's right. You need a glove.
That's right. Se Ri can't eat without gloves on.
That's right. - What do you mean?
Don't forget. - She's eating.
(She ripped up the fish with gloves on.)
Thank you. - I have a question, Se Ri.
When you were interviewed before coming here,
I thought you said you hated eating something with gloves on.
I'm just going to eat.
I like this now. Are you satisfied?
(This is the tale of Se Ri not keeping her words.)
I'm going to open it for you guys.
Because you caught it...
(She puts her gloves on.)
My gosh. It's a masterpiece.
I'm getting goosebumps. - Eat the whole thing.
The soup too.
(She finally gets to open it after watching it on TV for 6 years.)
Do I hold it?
Everything we wanted came true.
This is tricky to break open.
I have to break it. - It's tricky.
It's hard. - Right.
(She cuts everything now.)
It looks hard. - Right.
(It suits her.)
It's strong. - Right.
People told me not do things like this.
I grabbed it naturally.
You look like a restaurant owner.
(Se Ri's Coconut Crabs Is Open.)
This is my land.
Is this good too?
(Se Ri is the chef, and Byung Man is the sous-chef.)
How is it when you compared it to that?
I'll open this for you. Try it first.
Try it first. - Thank you.
This is great. - Here you go.
My gosh. - In just three days...
My goodness. - My gosh.
It smells great.
It's so good. - It'll even be better than beef.
(She smiles automatically.)
Am I taking too long?
Thank you. - It smells great.
(This is her first bite.)
(Here it is.)
(It's your wish come true.)
(She takes a big bite.)
It's so savory. - This is exciting.
It's great.
How is it compared to yesterday's food?
(Winking)
This is so good.
This is better.
Before we ate it, we smelled it first.
It smelled so good,
but I put it in my mouth and before chewing it,
it was like...
the computer graphics on TV. It was sparkly.
It was really like that.
It was so fascinating.
This is good. It's so good.
It's good. - I wanted to try it.
(That's why people love coconut crabs.)
I am speechless.
It was so hard to catch it, so it's even better.
Have some.
(The jungle pays back for all the hard work you do.)
Good.
Is this the leg?
(It's so meaty.)
Do you mean this?
My gosh. That's amazing.
Didn't I peel this so well? - It's so good.
I'm an expert. - My goodness.
This.
(You're right.)
You peeled it so well.
I can smell it here.
(The coconut crab looks very firm.)
It's good.
Right? I like this.
Cut it. Bite it off. - This is good.
I have to open it more.
It looks good. - It's really good.
My gosh. - My gosh.
You guys worked so hard.
They were even beaten by me.
(He carefully takes a bite.)
(I'm happy and thankful.)
Is it good? - It's so good.
The meat... - It looks good.
This part is different.
Thank you.
The scent...
Look at the meat.
It's good.
Right? It's different.
It's so good. - We have a lot left.
Do we have more? - We have a lot left.
How many legs does it have?
It's good.
It's so good.
Be careful.
I'm so curious.
Jong Hyun.
(Where did your pride go?)
I thought you don't eat food like this. Is it still good?
(Jong Hyun was a picky eater.)
This... - Is it really good?
How is it?
What don't you like?
I'll open it for you. - Try this.
I want to try it. - Try it seriously.
Let me finish this first.
(Exclaiming)
It's really good.
This is really good.
Compared to yesterday's crayfish...
(They're satisfied with the quantity and the quality.)
It's a lot better. This is really good.
I opened it so well.
My gosh. You can hold it like this and eat.
(It's a thick pincer.)
Take this out quickly.
Thank you. I'm so happy.
Where did he go? - This is so good.
This is so delicious.
He must have gone to toilet.
It's so good that it makes me happy.
It's really good. - I'm happy.
(She smacks her lips.)
This is good. - I'm shocked.
This is really good. - It's good.
I wanted to try it. This is how it tastes.
(What would we have done without this?)
It's good.
This is even better.
This is no joke. - This is better than the crayfish.
It's totally different.
Try this one, Se Ri.
There's so much meat. - My gosh.
It looks so good. - Hey.
Look at this. - Eat it. You worked hard.
Go ahead.
In one shot.
(She takes a huge bite.)
(It's her dream come true.)
It's like a commercial.
What's wrong?
How is it?
This looks like a scallop.
It looks like a scallop. - This part...
is sweeter.
It's sweet, right? - Yes.
It's sweet. - This is much sweeter.
I put it in my mouth, so I can't give it to you.
No, I think it's okay.
(No, I think it's okay.)
(He steals it from her.)
He's changed. - His personality changed.
You're not like this. - What don't you eat?
I thought you don't eat dirty food.
It's okay. I'll eat it.
You're not like this. - Do we just eat?
You said many times that you don't live like this.
Is it good? - You said you're picky.
Is it good? - Can I have a bite?
You can smell wood. - Give me a small bite.
It smells like wood? - Yes.
Cut it. - This is not just one.
Look at that.
Put it down.
Try this, Se Ri. - This is the crab's intestine.
There's so much meat. - It looks so good.
Take this.
It's good. - I wanted to try it.
I'm speechless. It's so good.
It was so hard to catch it, so it's even better.
Go ahead, Chun Hee.
I'll think about it. I'm allergic to this.
(He's allergic.)
It's still so meaty.
(Chun Hee cannot eat coconut fish because of his allergy.)
Every time my family goes to eat shrimps or lobsters,
I'm allergic, so I can't eat it.
I tell them to eat, and I'll just watch.
We end up eating something else, so my family...
never goes to eat shrimps or crabs.
Because I can't eat them.
(He caught the coconut crabs, but he couldn't even have a bite.)
(Scratching)
I really want it. - Try some.
(I feel so bad for Chun Hee.)
Try some. - It's different.
It tastes totally different. - This is so interesting.
(I want to know how that feels like.)
Is it that good? - You haven't had any yet?
It's really good.
The legs are chubby too.
(I caught it, but I couldn't even touch it.)
Here. - Here's more.
That's good. - It's unbelievable.
It's really good. - It's precious.
The coconut crab is. - This is amazing.
It was so hard though. - This and...
(Should I try this or not?)
That looks good. If I eat this now,
this is my first time eating crabs.
It's good.
(My goodness.)
(I don't know.)
This looks really good.
(He stops hesitating and eats.)
(He's amazed.)
It's really good, right? - Isn't it the best?
Yes. - It's really, really good.
It's really good.
The smell is different. - It's better.
I think this is better than lobster.
As soon as it touches your tongue, it melts.
Right.
Is this what you meant? - The texture is great too.
What's that? - The intestine.
Eat it in one bite. - Eat it in one bite.
Take it in one bite. - Take it in one bite.
You worked so hard, Se Ri.
Here you go. Who wants this?
Kang Nam didn't eat any. - No, it's okay.
No, him. Chun Hee.
I will eat it. - Chun Hee caught it.
I will eat it.
Chun Hee caught it. - We need to break the shells.
You can share it. - Cut it.
Cut this one. - It's tasty.
I will break the shells.
This meat is really tasty. - It's really tasty.
It's tasty. - Seriously.
This coconut crab struggled a lot. I hit it earlier.
(Does he really have an allergy?)
My goodness. - It's so tasty.
I could see why people are obsessed with coconut crabs.
It tasted different.
It was incredibly tasty.
I thought to myself, "How does this taste so good?"
"How does something from the nature..."
"taste so good?"
It only fed on coconuts.
(He ate and ate.)
I was fascinated.
(It looks like he got over his allergy.)
Is it okay for you to eat it? - I keep eating it.
Is it okay? - He is starved.
It's so tasty.
I guess I am not allergic. - We got to try everything.
I guess I am not allergic.
Is that it?
Leave it. - It's the tail.
(Se Ri pulls the body apart.)
(She is skilled.)
There is more to eat.
There is more to eat. - This is incredible.
It looks like Se Ri opened a restaurant.
We're getting better every day. - She is getting faster.
She is the master of coconut crabs.
Seriously.
(Se Ri's coconut crabs are almost finished.)
It's so tasty. - You know...
(The tastiest past, coconut crab innards appear.)
This... - The innards.
The innards.
Some people don't like it.
(He desperately wants it.)
This is coconut...
(The meat is good.)
Hold on. This is coconut crab innards.
It looks delicious. - This is...
Se Ri, you should eat it. - You should eat it.
You worked hard today.
Do we eat it as it is?
(The one who loves coconut crabs, Se Ri takes the first bite.)
(How does it taste?)
(What?)
It's a bit... - How is it?
(Sol Bin tastes it.)
This is...
(My goodness.)
This is amazing.
What is it? - Try it. It's absolutely delicious.
How do you eat that? - It's absolutely delicious.
It tastes...
How can we eat that? - a bit bitter.
It tastes sweet as well. - It's really good.
We usually eat it with rice.
We had one so far, right?
(Sucking)
We have another one. - Innards.
Innards are really tasty. It's better than marinated crabs.
Really? Is it that tasty? - What's this?
I can't eat them. - There is a lot of meat.
Really? - I can't eat them.
You will end up eating them.
Can't you eat them?
I usually throw away the innards.
Try them. - You are not a gourmet.
They are tastier than the marinated crab innards.
What is this?
(He succumbs to the innards in 0.1 seconds.)
Opposite side.
I thought it was a comedy skit.
Seriously. - I got goosebumps.
They taste strange.
They are like pasta sauce.
He is funny. - Seriously.
My gosh. - This is the main dish...
and this is the side dish. - That's right.
Look at this. It's pasta.
(Stretching)
(Are these innards or cheese?)
Open wide quickly.
My gosh. - They look like noodles.
Come on. - Open wide.
Open wide. - Open wide.
What are those? - Innards.
(He inhales the innards.)
They are delicious.
With that... - Why are you taking them out?
What are you doing? - You should eat them.
He wants to cut them.
He wants to savor them. - Are those innards?
(Tasty food should be shared.)
Yes, they are. - They look like monkeys.
You guys are hilarious. - It looks like ramyeon.
(It's a beautiful sight.)
Are you guys idol singers?
Is it really good? - They are like noodles.
That's right.
How do they taste? - They taste like seasoned pasta.
You are right. They taste like pasta.
Are innards tastier than the meat? - Yes.
Dip the meat in innards.
I guess I am not allergic.
You end up eating everything well.
(You can't fight against hunger.)
You end up eating what you hate.
How can food taste so good in the jungle?
Eat kimchi from time to time. It's really delicious.
Did we finish it? - Do you want kimchi?
They eat Se Ri's dream dish, coconut crabs...
and rinse their mouths with Byung Man's papaya kimchi.
After some time, - They look happier than ever.
it tastes better.
The longer the time passes, the spicier even it gets.
Se Ri, are you happy?
Are you happy?
She keeps smiling. She feels very happy.
She is happy.
This is really tasty.
Byung Man, we will gain weight. Right?
You are eating a lot.
I can do this for the rest of my life.
This is the first time we had so much to eat.
We have 2 flags left... - 2 flags.
to collect. - That's right.
In that case, as soon as the sun rises,
go. - Go.
Will there be teams? - You should go.
No. I don't want to do that.
I am sorry. I shouldn't say this.
However, I refuse for the first time. I can't go.
Why not? You always listen to me.
I can't go. I feel like I am dying.
Kang Nam found all the flags.
I feel like I am dying thanks to the past two days.
(You did a good job.)
Eating a meal puts me in a good mood.
I am so happy. - I was nervous today, but...
We did a good job today. - Seriously.
(She already took off her gloves.)
Why are we clapping?
I just want to clap. - We did a good job.
We are clapping because we are happy.
I feel like my arms are in tatters. I can't move them freely.
Do you feel naked without your gloves?
You are embarrassed. - You are shy.
You are trying to hide your hands.
You don't know what to do with your hands.
You are shy.
I should wear gloves from now on.
I should always wear gloves from now on.
(They wrap up their long day.)
(Se Ri gets ready to go to bed.)
(However...)
Sol Bin.
Sol Bin. Come here for a second.
Give one to Chief Byung Man. He might use it.
Chief Byung Man?
Chun Hee and Hwan, too.
I see what it is. - Yours is here.
Give it to them.
It's what you gave me yesterday. - That's right.
I will give it to them.
(Se Ri falls asleep after taking care of everyone.)
(Chief Byung Man goes to bed after working hard all day.)
(That's how the day ends...)
(or not.)
(Why are they wearing flippers at this hour?)
We are determined to catch crayfish.
(Crayfish?)
Let's go. - Let's go.
Are you ready? - Yes.
(Chun Hee, JB, and Jong Hyun)
If we swim too fast, fish will be startled.
Swim slowly. - Swim slowly.
(Why are they going on a hunt at this hour?)
That day,
when I caught the coconut crab, I thought to myself,
"Has the spirit of a hunter descended on me?"
"Why am I hunting so well today?"
I felt like I could catch anything.
I thought to myself,
"Won't I catch crayfish if I enter the water?"
That's why I went into the water.
I felt like I would be able to do well.
I wanted to set an example.
(The manly man, JB)
I thought I would enjoy hunting.
(The king of fishing, Jong Hyun)
(The three confident men dream of catching crayfish.)
(The night sea, here we come.)
Since there are 3 of us, we will at least catch 1 crayfish.
(Chun Hee, the deity of hunting, confidently dives in first.)
(The manly man, JB,)
(and the king of fishing, Jong Hyun, dive in as well.)
(The night sea, here we come.)
Since there are 3 of us, we will at least catch 1 crayfish.
(Chun Hee, the deity of hunting, confidently dives in first.)
(The manly man, JB,)
(and the king of fishing, Jong Hyun, dive in as well.)
(We are going to dominate the night sea of Atiu Island.)
(It's their first time hunting at night. Can they catch fish?)
(Chun Hee searches the corals first.)
(Swimming away)
(Hold on. I think something just passed by me.)
(He spots his first target.)
(I am going to catch you by all means!)
(He aims at it,)
(but it dashes away.)
(He uses his bare hand instead of his knife.)
(His attempt ends in a failure without even touching it.)
(Hey, guys. We've got ourselves a dummy here!)
(Gosh, this is infuriating.)
(He grabs the knife with his right hand and ventures out again.)
(Is there another fish here?)
(His second target)
(It's a perfect chance as the fish can't go up or down to escape.)
(He aims it with a knife this time.)
(Swimming away)
(Wait. Did something just pass by me?)
(He checks it again as it's hard to believe what just happened.)
(Darn it!)
Did you see any fish?
I missed one.
All the fish...
must have swum away after finding out I'm here.
You didn't see any fish?
I only saw small ones.
Then go farther. Try going farther.
You only swam away for 3m. You can't say that to me.
(Did he take about three steps?)
There are no fish here. - Really?
(I don't have the heart to face you.)
You can do it.
(So far, Chun Hee hasn't caught anything.)
(Then what about the manly guy, JB?)
(He spots a small fish.)
I just had a feeling...
that I could do well.
(He gently approaches it like a butterfly,)
(but it swims away quickly like a bee.)
(He fails.)
(However, there's no such thing as giving up in my book!)
(Dashing away)
(He must be a novice hunter.)
(Where did it go? Is it still in here?)
(Why is he looking through the gaps after losing the fish?)
(Chun Hee and JB haven't caught anything so far.)
(Then what about Jong Hyun, the king of fishing?)
(He's hunting with a scooping net instead of a knife.)
(These are the fish I usually catch.)
(He focuses on one area.)
(I got you, punk.)
(When it's off its guard,)
(he scoops it up.)
(He successfully catches his first fish!)
(This is the class of the king of fishing,)
(but then the size of the fish...)
Why is this so small?
(They are both from the same sea, but why is his so small?)
(My gosh. I can't save my face as the king of fishing.)
(Meanwhile, JB is still exploring the areas around the coral reefs.)
(Who are you?)
(A giant moray eel...)
(passes between JB and Jong Hyun.)
(He tries to catch it with a scooping net.)
(This one is fast!)
(Did he successfully acquire the fish?)
(No, he failed.)
(The moray eel hides between the rocks.)
(There's no way I'm going to lose you!)
(I'm certain it hid under this rock.)
(JB puts his hand under it while turning his body around.)
(Slithering)
(The moray eel escapes as it avoids JB and Jong Hyun.)
(The moray eel disappears into the other side of the dark sea.)
Did you catch anything? - No.
Chun Hee, I saw an eel this big. - Really?
I tried to catch it.
(Hunting in the sea isn't an easy task.)
(He looks the glummest.)
Darn it.
What happened?
Sorry? - What happened?
I had fun looking at the sea.
(Chun Hee returns to the base camp for now to regroup.)
Did you catch anything? - Chun Hee.
(They are waiting for him.)
Did you catch anything?
What? A crayfish? - Sorry?
A crayfish? - No.
(I'm sorry. I'm doomed.)
Seriously.
It's not easy to approach the fish and stick the knife in.
It's not easy. - After hearing that...
Kang Nam, are you going to go in?
What should I do?
If you catch fish tonight, - You have to wash anyway.
If you catch fish tonight, you'll be a hero.
I'm sure I'll catch some if I go in.
Jong Hyun and JB will look up to you...
if you catch fish. - Pardon?
Go into the water if you want to show how capable you are.
My gosh, he's going in.
(Kang Nam, the capable man, sets out!)
(The capable man, Kang Nam)
Show them what you've got.
(With dignified strides,)
(he heads to the sea.)
I bet he can catch some.
(Kang Nam, the Vice Chief,)
(dives into the water without any hesitation.)
(Will Kang Nam live up to other members' expectations?)
(Firstly, he heads to where the younger members are.)
(Oh, hey! It's Kang Nam, the Vice Chief.)
(Kang Nam tries to teach JB some hunting skills.)
(Is there any fish I can hunt?)
(Spotted!)
(Snapping)
(He corners it to a gap between the rocks as if he's dribbling it.)
(He catches the fish at once.)
(He is true to his reputation of the Vice Chief.)
(After his demonstration, it's time for JB to try.)
Do it from above. From above.
Do it now.
Now.
(JB catches it at once with Kang Nam's help.)
Great job.
(Finally, it's their first catch.)
But this is too small.
(Then I'll catch you a bigger one then.)
(He searches inside the corals.)
(What a big catch!)
(The capable man, the Vice Chief)
(Is Kang Nam's pupil, JB, hunting for something too?)
(JB successfully hunts a crab too!)
Is this edible?
(JB can catch crabs all by himself now.)
Yes, it is.
(Kang Nam wants to catch a bigger fish.)
(After exploring for a long time,)
(Kang Nam stops at some place.)
(He spots a giant fish.)
(Yes! I got you, punk!)
(It's caught between rocks. It has nowhere to go.)
(Oh, my. Did you get another one?)
(He aims it carefully...)
(and lunges towards it.)
(What is this?)
(He went after a fish, but why does he have a crayfish?)
(What just happened?)
(He definitely targeted the fish and went for it,)
(but a crayfish next to the fish got scared at the sound and came out.)
(And it fell right into Kang Nam's hands.)
(Even from another angle,)
(he did thrust the knife,)
(but he ended up with a crayfish all of a sudden.)
(Even Kang Nam shakes his body as he's surprised.)
(Why do I have a crayfish in my hands?)
I can't believe this.
He got it!
I can't believe this. - What do you mean?
I saw a big fish, so I tried to catch it with my knife, but...
It got scared and came out from the side.
(This is embarrassing.)
It literally came into my hand.
That didn't look cool at all.
Not cool at all.
It didn't look cook.
(He feels wronged.)
I'm serious.
The crayfish was next to the fish.
When I stuck my knife, it got scared, came out from the side,
and came into my left hand just like that.
(This is unprecedented.)
It would've been cool if I struggled to catch it after discovering it,
but I caught the crayfish like a duck takes to water.
That's how I caught it, so I didn't look cool at all,
but I'm glad that I caught one.
(It's awesome that Kang Nam caught a crayfish though!)
Anyway, let me put this in it.
(Luck is part of one's skill set too.)
Look at all the corners. - It's small.
Sorry? - It's small.
It's still good though.
(The manly pair, Kang Nam and JB caught a crayfish and a fish.)
The first one I spotted was bigger than this fish.
It's cold. I can no longer stay here.
(They return to the base camp after catching the crayfish.)
Did you catch it?
That's incredible.
How did you catch it?
(Could that...)
(be...)
(a crayfish?)
We caught these. - Who caught that?
Kang Nam did. - Really?
He was trying to catch a fish,
but this got scared and came out of the gap.
(No way. I didn't see any earlier.)
He caught it. - Good work.
But it's freezing cold.
(Their night hunting is over, and it's time for them to sleep.)
Sorry? - I knew Kang Nam was good.
They made another memory while...
they hunted for a crayfish in the sea at night.
(The night in Atiu Island etches a memory in their hearts.)
(And...)
(the sun rises again as always.)
The pitch-black darkness begins to fade away,
and it's a new day.
What kind of adventures will unfold today?
(The Tribe will face...)
(a giant footprint of a deity.)
(When they daringly throw themselves into the wonders...)
(The sea reminds them again that a new world exists.)
(The Pacific Ocean gives the Tribe...)
(another present!)
(Did you see the whale?)
(The whale shows up in front of the Tribe...)
(as if it's greeting them.)
(The biggest mammal in the world)
(It's a miraculous moment the whale presents them.)
(The Tribe is sound asleep without knowing what lies ahead of them.)
(Wait, someone has woken up?)
(Chun Hee is the 1st one to wake up.)
(Chun Hee keeps the fire burning in case the others get cold.)
(He takes out the crayfish they caught last night.)
(He goes to the sea with big strides.)
Is that the one you guys caught yesterday?
Yes, Kang Nam caught it last night.
Kang Nam caught this.
He caught two.
What will you do?
I want to cook soup with the crayfish and the crab.
(Today's menu is morning seafood soup with crayfish and crab.)
(He puts the crayfish and crab he washed into the canteen.)
(He cuts chili peppers to add a spicy flavor into the soup.)
(His last step is to close the lid tightly and boil the soup.)
(It was a shame he couldn't caught one,)
(but he wants to feed them delicious food which is endearing.)
What are you doing, Chun Hee?
I'm cooking breakfast.
Did you already clean them?
I didn't cook the fish. I'm only cooking the crayfish and the crab.
I'm cooking them together.
I should go help...
before others wake up.
(The Chief is already up too.)
Are you cooking breakfast?
(That's the crayfish.)
(The members of the Tribe wake up 1 by 1 and see the morning sun.)
(A delicious smell begins to waft.)
(It's time for breakfast.)
Yesterday, Kang Nam caught a crayfish, a crab,
and a lot of other stuff.
Did he go in there? - We can't eat the fish.
We forgot to salt it, so I only cooked the crayfish, crab,
I see. - and the conches from yesterday.
So what is it? - It's seafood soup.
Soup?
That looks good. - Yes, that does look delicious.
(It does look appetizing.)
I put eight chili peppers that you like.
8 chili peppers. - I put 8 chili peppers in it.
Kang Nam caught all these? - What is that?
Kang Nam. - Yes?
Now that you go hunting,
my life got so much easier. - My gosh.
Yesterday, Kang Nam...
(It's plump and has the sauce made of its innards.)
Gosh, someone has... - Se Ri.
to take a bite first. - Can I eat first?
Try it.
Chief, have the first bite. - No, no.
You should eat first. - He shouldn't eat it now.
(Se Ri and the Chief offer it to each other.)
That part is where the innards are in.
Are these the eggs? - That's the tastiest part. Gosh.
I'm going to eat it now.
What a fancy breakfast. - My goodness.
I'm happy to see a smiling face. - Gosh.
(It was tasty for dinner. It's better in the morning.)
It's really good. - Hey, eat up.
How can it be our staple food? - I know, right?
If we eat more than twice, it becomes our staple food.
It's my first time eating it. - Stop lying.
You're good at that. You keep doing it.
Eating meat is my wish now. - This is delicious.
You don't get to have three meals a day in the jungle often, right?
We've never eaten this much. - Right.
Really? - We never ate crayfish twice.
Right, it never happened.
We usually ate a meal a day.
Usually, that was the case.
But there were times we had two meals a day,
but never like this.
(This is the first time eating three luxurious meals a day.)
(The crab shows up after the crayfish.)
Is the crab tasty?
Right, split open the shell.
I see innards. - I see crab roe too.
Look at the innards. - JB.
Try it. - When you hold it...
JB. - The sauce.
(Slurping)
Is it good?
That one is... - Hold on.
(He tastes it again as the taste is unbelievable.)
You must taste this.
(Is this really the crab that I caught?)
(The flavor of the innards fill their mouths.)
I think eight chili peppers are good enough.
Isn't it good? - Our breakfast is amazing. Gosh.
This is the best. - This soup has...
the crab, crayfish, and... - Se Ri, try the soup.
This is great. - It's really good.
I love the soup. It warms my body. - I see roe in there.
My gosh.
(The harmony of the innards and the seafood soup)
The conch.
Okay. You should have some too.
I had some. I did. - Gosh, it's hot.
Eat some. - You should eat.
(Se Ri, you should eat.)
This is really delicious. - Isn't it good?
Hey, try it. - Gosh.
Now that I had some soup... - You didn't say no.
(She offers it to Jong Hyun.)
It reminds me of pork belly meat I had in Seoul before the shoot.
I want to eat pork belly meat too.
The crab leg. - This is like the spicy crab stew.
It's good. - It is, isn't it?
So he cooked the soup with the whole crab.
(The Chief pours the leftover soup to Se Ri.)
Look at the color. - Kang Nam, you should go there.
That looks hot. - It must be hot.
I'm all right.
I poured her too much. - It was too hot to eat it.
(My gosh, it's burning hot.)
Hold on. I poured too much.
Was it too hot? Is that why you gave it to the Chief? To his bare hands?
(Is that why she gave it to him?)
(My gosh!)
(I wasn't thinking.)
Both of you don't have gloves on. - No, I thought he had gloves on.
Don't hold it over 10 seconds. - It was hot.
She thought he could handle it.
(The broth is richer with the crab innards.)
It's even better with innards. - It is.
You must smack your forehead. - My gosh.
This is...
Isn't it incredible? - It's perfect for hangover.
It's perfect for breakfast. - My gosh.
(What?)
(He's drinking the soup.)
Are you eating poisonous tonic?
(Gosh, warm soup in the jungle...)
My body did warm up after having some soup.
It was really cold yesterday.
Wasn't it really windy last night? - I know.
Yesterday, on our way... Wait.
We couldn't find this, right? - No.
No. They are the last two flags.
You must remember where you found this though, right?
Yes, I do.
From this point,
we can follow the coastline. - Okay.
It will be only about 1km. - Okay.
I got it. - Okay.
Let's head out. - Let's get going.
Let's go. - Be careful. Don't get hurt.
Good luck. - Let's get going.
To find last two flags, they set out to the eastern part of the sea...
on the other side of the base camp.
Watch your head.
Shall we go down? - Let's go down.
Be careful.
Let's go down. - I see. That's how it looks.
JB, hold this for me. - Wait.
This is dangerous. - JB.
Can you hold this? - Let him come down first.
(He's the expert in exploring for flags.)
Jump down carefully.
(He easily jumps down.)
Jump.
(On the other hand, he seems inexperienced.)
On the side... - I can do it.
Be careful.
(Sol Bin bravely comes down.)
Don't jump. Don't jump from there.
Come down a bit more, and jump.
I did it.
Jumping down is faster.
(Everyone successfully descends the hill.)
All right.
I think it's this way.
(They begin their exploration of the seashore.)
Let's look for the flags. - I don't see them here.
Where are they?
(The flags must be somewhere near the seashore.)
They are not here either.
My gosh. The view is just ravishing.
(The primitive nature unfolds in front their eyes.)
(They forget about the flag...)
I feel like I'll get sucked in.
(and appreciate the nature for a minute.)
It's pretty.
(Created by wind, waves, and time)
Gosh. - Goodness.
It's really pretty.
(The landscapes of Cook Islands)
Wait.
Isn't this a sea urchin? - Where?
Here. - Yes.
There's a sea urchin.
It's huge.
(He picks up a big conch.)
Look.
There are many of them.
Do fish eat this? - It must be delicious.
There's sea urchin roe.
It's a starfish. - A starfish.
It's cute.
You can use it as a hairpin.
Water's coming in.
(Everyone is busy sightseeing.)
Look. It's beer foam.
Isn't there anything to eat?
(I want cold beer.)
(We saw a lot of things, but there's nothing to eat.)
Crab. It's a big crab.
(Kang Nam spots stone crabs.)
There are a lot of them.
(Jong Hyun approaches them.)
But you can't eat those.
Cute.
Run away.
(Both the flag and food are hard to find.)
There's a blow fish.
Gosh, it's big.
It's big.
It's a blow fish.
Be careful. - It's a blow fish.
Blow fish.
(He starts dribbling the blow fish.)
(Carefully)
It's angry. - Awesome.
I got it. - Awesome.
It's a blow fish. - It's cute.
It's angry. - It's cute.
(Kang Nam picks it up so easily.)
(The blow fish is angry.)
(It's cute, but...)
Can we eat it? - You'll die if you do.
Bye.
(Kang Nam lets it go.)
It's gotten bigger.
There.
(Spitting out water)
It's cute. - It's cute.
(It looks familiar somehow.)
(After hearing a shocking birth secret,)
(he spits out the orange juice.)
(Spilling)
There.
(I can't believe she's Sun Jung's daughter!)
Chubby.
(The birth secret must've been shocking to the blow fish too.)
It's spitting water out.
Bye.
(The blow fish is released.)
Let's go. - Let's go.
We'll die if we eat a blow fish. - It's cute.
(Blow fish shouldn't be consumed because it's poisonous.)
Wait. Isn't that a cave?
Isn't it?
It is. - The flag might be in there.
Shall we go in?
There's water in there.
(They go inside feeling excited.)
Fish. - There's fish.
I see some fish.
(Kang Nam checks it out.)
There's nothing.
Is there a way in?
No.
Is there a way to climb up?
There's nothing.
(While the others examine the cave,)
I thought there'd be something.
(Kang Nam searches in between the rocks.)
(He searches every nook and cranny.)
The flag isn't here, is it?
No. - No, it's not.
Let's go. - We thought it'd be in there.
Isn't it over there? Shouldn't we go to that end?
Let's stay here and prepare it.
Please look at my club. I tried carving one.
Did you make a wood or an iron?
(Did he carve a golf club?)
It's a wood, but it has the angle of an iron.
(One day ago in the survival zone)
(Chief Byung Man carves a golf club for Se Ri.)
(He ends up making one for a left-handed person.)
(After carving and trimming for a while,)
(he finally completes a golf club.)
(He doesn't forget about durability.)
(He makes a hybrid golf club for Se Ri.)
(This golf club gets used later.)
(The final mission to receive the only clue)
(The queen of golf Se Ri steps up.)
(She swings.)
(The suspenseful final mission)
(What will be the result?)
The thickest one is the latest finding.
Really? - Yes. There are whales.
The camera is under repair. - Record it.
(Only the fixed camera is filming.)
(Whales stay on Cook Islands during breeding season.)
They came up!
The whales came up! - There.
Se Ri. - Did you see the whale?
Let's go down.
Amazing. - They came up.
(The filming resumes.)
Amazing.
Over there!
(Everyone is surprised and shaken.)
(You can see a whale's silhouette.)
(The closer they get, the more they get excited.)
Amazing.
(The whale is so close, you can see it from the shore.)
(Gosh!)
(He's so happy to see it.)
It waved at me.
(The whale welcomes the Tribe.)
Look.
There must be 2 of them. - There are 2.
(Two whales swim side by side.)
There are two whales.
(The Tribe is watching them right before in front of it.)
(The stationed camera films the whales approaching.)
They could be a mom and a baby.
It's possible. - They could be.
There are two of them.
(The big one raises its fin, and the small one follows.)
(It's as if the baby is learning from its mom.)
It's really cool. - I can't believe this.
(The baby whale will grow under its mother's care.)
The one in the back is smaller. - Yes.
(It's an amazing sight.)
It's a whale, not a dolphin. - Exactly.
You can see dolphins,
but not whales.
I can't believe I'm looking at whales.
(Right then)
(A huge tail comes above water.)
Over there! - Is it a tail?
It's huge. - Can you imagine how big it is?
(A small movement of its tale makes huge waves.)
Whales are hard to see, right?
Yes. - Amazing.
I've only seen them three times in total.
Chief Byung Man has been doing this show for seven years,
but he didn't get to see whales often.
(A free living organism in the ocean)
We've only seen it from afar on a boat.
I can't believe we're seeing it so close by the shore.
This is really interesting.
(Humpback whales spends breeding season in Cook Islands,)
(and moves to the Antarctic Ocean.)
(They don't usually swim in pairs,)
(but mothers and babies spend the early days together.)
You can tell that it's huge.
It grows as big as 16m,
and as heavy as 30 tons. It's a humpback whale.
They come up above the water...
to breathe.
Like us,
they take a deep breath outside the water,
and hold their breath when they dive in.
(They are docile and nice.)
(They're "angels of the sea" that swim like people.)
Hitting the surface of the water...
with its tails is a way of expressing its feelings.
Then don't you think...
its saying hello to Byung Man's Tribe?
(What is it trying to say?)
I think it's because the depth is shallow.
On the land...
Gosh. - Look.
Look at its tail. - Isn't it chasing after fish?
Is it eating fish? - Yes.
Hunting? - Yes.
It eats a lot at a time.
(Watching the whales,)
(the Chief is happy like a kid.)
It'd be nice to fish like them.
I heard you saw whales. Did you see them?
A staff...
first spotted them from afar.
I've seen them from afar.
But I've never seen one so close from the shore.
It raised its fin up in the air.
(An unforgettable greeting)
It did that.
Then its tail came out.
I was just staring.
For the first time in my life,
I saw a whale dance.
At the horizon,
A whale came up the surface.
After that, the water spurted.
(Gushing out)
The fin went like this too.
The tail came up too. The water was...
(Flipping)
It came up! It's up! - My gosh.
("Humpback whales are the most gamesome and lighthearted of...")
("all whales, making more gay foam and white water than any other.")
(From "Moby-Dick" Herman Melville)
Actually, this was my first time seeing a whale.
I mean, in aquariums,
the whales aren't as big as that.
I only saw whales in videos.
What I thought was that it was only possible to see them...
in Cook Islands, nowhere else.
It was truly wonderful.
It was wonderful indeed.
My gosh, my jaw dropped right away.
I've never seen that before. It was my first time.
It came out of nowhere. It was as if it was saying hello to us.
It was waving its fin to us.
It was incredible.
Wasn't it incredible? - It was a beautiful sight.
It was so picturesque.
(It was unreal.)
It's eating something.
(The movements of the humpback whale seems surreal.)
We got to see a whale. - I've never seen this before.
This survival is a complete package.
It's hard to survive in the jungle as things are unpredictable.
However, these moments of luck at unexpected times...
help them continue their exhausting survival.
It's saying, "I got it."
The survival in Cook Islands gave them unforgettable memories.
And the adventure will continue!
(The adventure will continue!)
Next week.
(The wild jungle treasures the beauty of the world at dawn.)
(The Tribe will swim as a part of the scenery.)
(Atiu Island spills out marvels that please their eyes.)
(And)
That never crossed my mind.
(No one predicted it.)
(The ultimate challenge for the queen of golf)
No way.
(Everyone holds their breath.)
She got it. - She got it.
(The Law of Jungle in Cook Islands)